glossary: tidy protocol roles and add task (#660)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

  The report share also includes some associated data used for processing the
  report.

Task:

> : A measurement task in which measurements of an understood type will be

Reviewer: Low confidence nit
```suggestion
: An aggregation task in which measurements of an understood type will be
```

Author: We use the phrase "measurement task" in a couple other places in the doc, so there's precedent there, but now that I look at this again, I don't like using "measurement" twice in this sentence.
